Add instructions for pip installation to the docs (#690)
ufs-community/uwtools: docs/sections/user_guide/installation.rst

   .. code-block:: text

      conda create -y -n uwtools -c $CONDA_PREFIX/conda-bld -c conda-forge --override-channels uwtools[=<version>]

> Install ``uwtools`` into an existing environment
> ------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install ``uwtools`` into a  non-conda environment
------------------------------------------------
```
There's already a _Install Into an Existing Environment_ section above, so this might have been confusingly similar terminology. Is this alternative reasonable?

If you are using an app that has its own environment requirements that do not work well with conda, you may need to use pip instead.

> #. First, you will need to clone the git repo and check out the current release version. If you are using a tier 1 machine with a central installation, it is recommended to use that location.

Author: Thats fair - I wanted to put something here to communicate a local maintained installation, but thats true. I'm not quite sure how to navigate that so its probably for the best to not put that text here, thanks

   .. code-block:: text

      git checkout <version>

#. To not pollute your base Python environment, it is recommended to create and activate your own environment. If you are installing into an existing spack or cmake build, skip to the last step.

   .. code-block:: text

>       python -m venv uwtools
> 
> #. In the :uwtools:`uwtools repository<>`, activate your environment:
> 
>    .. code-block:: text
> 
>       . uwtools/bin/activate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      python -m venv uwtools-venv
      . uwtools-venv/bin/activate
```
If the reader has been following the steps, then they'll be in the `uwtools` git clone root directory at this point. I was afraid that there might be some confusion between the `uwtools` git-clone directory and the `uwtools/uwtools` venv directory, so I added a `-venv` suffix to the latter to distinguish them. What do you think? Would they actually want to create the venv directory here? We could also say e.g. `/path/to/uwtools-venv` to try to demonstrate that the location is up to them.

> #. Then navigate to the ``src`` directory and install to the active environment using ``pip``. This will also install all dependencies.:
> 
>    .. code-block:: text
> 
>       cd ~/git/uwtools/src
>       pip install .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Install ``uwtools`` and its required dependencies from the ``src/`` directory:

   .. code-block:: text

      cd src/
      pip install .
```
Again, if they've followed the recipe, they're already in the `uwtools` clone root directory, so can just cd into `src/` from there.
